add docs for default sso code (#960)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/reference/spar-braindump.md

[here](https://support.wire.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000954617-Login-with-SSO)
on how to use the login code.

### setting a default SSO code

To avoid having to give users the login code, a backend can also provide a default code on the endpoint `/sso/settings`.
This needs to be set explicitly, since this is not always wanted and there might even be multiple idps (each with their own login code):

```

> curl ${API_URL}/i/sso/settings -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"default_sso_code":"e97fbe2e-eeb1-11e9-acf3-9ba77d8a04bf"}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -XPUT ${API_URL}/i/sso/settings -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"default_sso_code":"e97fbe2e-eeb1-11e9-acf3-9ba77d8a04bf"}'
```

```

Note the lack of the `wire-` prefix.

> This entry gets removed automatically when the idp is deleted, or manually by setting `{"default_sso_code":null}` as shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This entry gets removed automatically when the corresponding idp is deleted. You can manually delete the default by making a `PUT` request as shown above with payload `{"default_sso_code":null}`.
```
